feat(waf): add data source to get the website requests (#7027)
huaweicloud/terraform-provider-huaweicloud: docs/data-sources/waf_overviews_request_timeline.md

---
subcategory: "Web Application Firewall (WAF)"
layout: "huaweicloud"
page_title: "HuaweiCloud: huaweicloud_waf_overviews_request_timeline"
description: |-
  Use this data source to query the website requests.
---

# huaweicloud_waf_overviews_request_timeline

> Use this data source to query the website requests.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Use this data source to query the request timeline data for security statistics.
```
